Adding config file for conference (#114)
GoogleChrome/devsummit: README.md

npm run build
```

The `src` folder uses [11ty](https://www.11ty.io).

# Configs

`/confbox.config.js` allows you to configure the start, end, and timezone of the conference.

# Data

All templates have access to the following:

> - `conf.utcOffset` - The timezone offset of the conference in milliseconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `conf.utcOffset` - The offset of the conference from the UTC timezone in milliseconds.
```

> - `conf.start` - Start of the conference as a timestamp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `conf.start` - Start of the conference in the format: YYYY/MM/DD HH:mm.
```

Author: Nah, at this point it's been processed. It's a timestamp.

> - `conf.end` - End of the conference as a timestamp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `conf.end` - End of the conference in the format: YYYY/MM/DD HH:mm.
```

Author: As above.

```

Assets ending `.js` will be bundled together using Rollup.

## `{% confDate date, format %}`

This will take a `date` and format it for the timezone of the conference (as set in `/confbox.config.js`).

> - `date` - The date to display. This can be a `Date` object or a timestamp.

Reviewer: Will something like `conf.start + 1 * 24 * 60 * 60 * 1000` also work? If so, should we document it?

Author: It doesn't work, although it may in some other template formats. You could probably use `{% set %}` to achieve the same thing.
